Docs fix spelling issues (#330)
inkonchain/docs: src/content/shared/multisig-content.mdx

Using Safe you can:

* Manage customizable non-custodial wallets supporting multisignatures for individuals and teams

> * Perform financial management of on-chain assets incl. ERC20s, ERC721s and ETH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Perform financial management of onchain assets incl. ERC20s, ERC721s and ETH
```
